README.md, before:

# Presentation Abstracts

## PowerShell JEA Abstract  

PowerShell JEA allows us Systems Administrators to empower our fellow admins, developers, and security personal to accomplish what they need to on our systems. Give them just enough administrative permissions to accomplish their duties without interrupting your day or night. This talk shows how to assign roles and give the appropriate permissions to those roles.  
___

## PowerShell Crash Course Abstract  

This course will give you the basics of PowerShell. You will learn the PowerShell syntax. Learn things like how to repeat tasks, iterate through a list of objects and the various things you can do with PowerShell object. You will also learn how to discover new cmdlets, modules, and functions. You will gain experience by practicing what the instructor is teaching, and demos of production scripts and tools. The target audience for this course are individuals who are new to scripting and individuals who are new to PowerShell.  Play in the PowerShell CTF to help enforce the learning.  
___  

## PowerShell Remoting with SSH

Comming Soon

Commit message:

Addes Session Detail to PowerShell JEA

README.md, after:

# Presentation Abstracts

## PowerShell JEA  

### Abstract  

PowerShell JEA allows us Systems Administrators to empower our fellow admins, developers, and security personal to accomplish what they need to on our systems. Give them just enough administrative permissions to accomplish their duties without interrupting your day or night. This talk shows how to assign roles and give the appropriate permissions to those roles.  

### Session Details

The presentation will start off with a little bit of JEA background and what problem it solves. We will discuss what planning and considerations are involved with implementing JEA. We will discuss the different resource files needed and how to create them. We will talk about how granular or liberal we can get with creating our rules. We will take a look at an example of the various resource files then create our own. I will show the commands need to enable JEA. We will do a walkthrough of setting up JEA, creating our files and enabling JEA, and demo how you can give a developer elevated permission on certain PowerShell commands. I will show how you can assign a group of commands with wild cards like get-*IIS* and specific commands like stopping a specific service with specific argument and switches. We will have to talk about where the audience can go get some more in-depth training on this subject, there is no way to learn it in an hour.
___

## PowerShell Crash Course  

### Abstract  

This course will give you the basics of PowerShell. You will learn the PowerShell syntax. Learn things like how to repeat tasks, iterate through a list of objects and the various things you can do with PowerShell object. You will also learn how to discover new cmdlets, modules, and functions. You will gain experience by practicing what the instructor is teaching, and demos of production scripts and tools. The target audience for this course are individuals who are new to scripting and individuals who are new to PowerShell.  Play in the PowerShell CTF to help enforce the learning.  
___  

## PowerShell Remoting with SSH  

### Abstract  

Comming Soon
